OK so in the previous section we just made a request to an API and get the list to get the list of artists
and then once we get the list we're passing the list as props.
We can make this better.
I'm just going to delete this an ad for Slash right here and right here again to this again and just
add for Slash.
You know just to make it better.
So now we are passing to this child component the artists list.
We're passing a prop with all the list of the artists with the artists list.
So inside here inside this component we can grab whatever it's coming right here as prompts and map
over and so we can show a list.
Right.
So we going to do that right now.
The first thing that we can do whenever we get the list I'm going to go right here to the final project.
Kind of a broken reset.
So OK whenever we anyways whenever we get the list and I click inside of an item we go to a new round.
So pretty much it's pretty much a link.
So OK we need to use links.
So to use links we import link from re-act router.
So I'm going to say import and then just structure and bring a link.
It's going to be from and then re-act router Dom frigate OK.
So now what we need to do we need to grab this prompts and trigger a function.
But first we're going to do some We're going to write some elements so this one is going to be shown
inside a container and the class name of the container is going to be the artist list of Perl artists.
And then just list.
Now we're going to have a title and the title it's going to be an 8 4 8 4 and it's going to be browse
the artists that I go.
Now what we want to do right here we want to display the list.
So what are we going to do.
Can it trigger a function and we can get past the prompts as an argument so we can grab the list of
users from there and just remove the console prompts.
Now I'm going to just open and close curly braces and my function is going to be called list just just
list.
You can put whatever name you want and what are we going to do.
We can pass prompts.
So whenever we are rendering this list we get a graph of that part of the prompts and pass it right
here.
So I'm going to go right here and don't worry about the message we're going to create a function that
is going to be called List.
OK.
Sorry Konst list just of our will and this one is going to host a function.
We just open and close and we create a fat or a function.
There you go.
So now whenever we trigger this function we are passing props.
The thing is that if I go right here and cancel all the prompts when the do is just do it like that.
If I cancel out the props again and just inspect props and we get an object right here with all the
artists.
So now if we want to just map over it we're going to have to do props Dadds all artists.
So you know we can skip the props we can make use of E-6 destructor.
So if we do this we are going to directly access to all artists.
So I'm going to say all.
And then artists.
Right.
So now I'm going to go here and start a map.
So I'm going to say first I'm going to say we turn now what we want to return is a map it's whatever
we're getting from the map of all artists.
So I going to make reference to all artists that map and we're going to open and close.
This one is going to use a function and then just a fad or a function just open and close.
Is it an anonymous function.
OK.
So on each iteration I'm going to pass an item and now what are you going to do.
Going to just return some data going to return a different just simple def you know item because I'm
going somewhere I'm going to show I want to show you something right here.
Now all artists that map it's not a function we're just triggering this.
But the thing is that all artists the first time that the application loads it's going to be empty.
And we can now we cannot map over an empty object.
We can't do that is going to give you an error.
So we need to do something else to check if all artists have has some data.
So what we do is just we create a conditional and we're going to just wrap everything inside a conditional
it now what we want to check if if is if all artists has data if it has We're going to render some deps
right here we should be rendering for deps may just remove the console.
OK we get four items one for each artist.
So it's working.
So let me just remove this and start doing the start putting the elements.
OK so now the thing is that whenever we have an artist we want to get kind of a background image for
the artist.
So we want to use background.
We're going to set a dev and we're going to put a background image for that gap.
That's fine.
So let's go back to the our project and right here instead of making our deaf.
We're going to make a link.
Just going to create a link for this.
OK so I'm going to go right here and the link has to have an item key item.
So on the database on the adjacent database I just gave you.
Each artist has an ID so we can use that as a key.
Remember that re-act asks ask you to pood an ID always ID.
So I'm going to say item that Id Breguet.
OK.
So this link is going to just put a link to a place you know whenever we click an artist is going to
take us to the local hosta for Slash artists for Slash and the ID of the artists.
So we need to specify too.
That's why we are getting this error message.
So going to open and close call basis.
And what I'm going to do I'm going to use template template strings going to do back text and I'm just
going to put it all together right here.
It's going to be for Shlash artists artist.
It's just Singler for Slash and it's going to be begin to take the item ID.
So you're going to say item that ID that's good.
That should be clearly the message get.
That's right.
So we are on the good track.
I'm going to add a class to this to this component to this link.
So I'm going to say class name and the class name is going to be what you'd be calling artist item.
There you go now each link it's Dev is going to have a background image.
If I do it right here right here the tag is going to be kind of long.
So what I'm going to do inside the upside of that which I'm sorry right here I get it just created a
viral to host the style of this element.
So it's going to have a background
and the background is going to have a u r l.
So we're going to do again Templer strengths.
And then you are Elle and this one equals two images.
Sorry it's for flash images.
That's the location and the location is going to be covers.
That's right.
Then for Slash.
And what we need to do is to put the name of the image again just right here on the D-B.
Jason.
Each artist whoever has a cover right here cover it's just the name of the artist in lowercase and with
the symbol right there.
So what we're going to do.
We're going to go right here.
We're going to make reference to the item that cover the dollar sign opening close and then item that
cover.
OK.
Since all the images are going to be AJP gee I'm going to say J.
P. G.
Right.
OK.
So we're going to add one more thing to this.
I'm going to say no let me make it there.
No.
Repeat Raggatt.
So now we want we want to do we want to grab this background this style and put it inside here.
So I'm going to say style equals two and then we just make reference to this verbal styles.
Let's get to just go right here.
Create a div and begin to put the name of the artist right here.
So I'm going to say open it close and then item that name.
And if we reload the page we get the item that name right.
So we get some styles on the next section.
And right now everything looks nice.
We have all the artists and now we need to just add the styles for this so we can just make it look
like this.
All right let's go to the next section.
And remember you can just you can go to the get have and get the CSSA for this.
There is no need for you to go to the next section and type the whole see SS Just like with it on the
previous lectures.
You know just to save time.
This course is about we react and that's the process.
But I always like to show you what are going to do.
Everything is going to be in close.
I assume with some comments right here.
So it's going to be I believe it's going to be something like artists lists or something like that.
So you can just look for it.
Look for that and just copy it.
OK.
Let's go to the next section and style the list.